Give it back to me give it back to me
Do you want everyone outside to do it for you?
Hello doctor
Didn't you just come out to pick me up from the hospital?
Why hasn't it arrived yet?
Delayed on the way
I'm going back now
Is it Xia Yun out?
Only he can make you let go of what you're doing
Don't act like a grudge
I'll take you back now
It will be released after being discharged from the hospital in the early Ming Dynasty
At home, you take care of him with the nurse
I don't take care of him
I'm not your Lu family's nanny either
You forgot what your dad did
Tax evasion is not forced to rob them
Maybe go to jail
What are you going to do to me?
You and your dad are the same
I don't seem to follow my heart
To keep your dad
Just be quiet. Be quiet.
I see.
Now I will fulfill you and the little universe
I just hope you can let me go
girl
Are you crazy?
Go to the hospital
Is to prove yourself
Doctor doctor
You go first
I have something to do, doctor, doctor.